today's episode is sugar and spice and
everything vice let's talk about that
[Music]
good mythical morning today we found out
how many cranks it takes to crush random
things and advice this vise and today's
episode is sponsored by google play the
latest realtime strategy game from igg
Lords mobile is now available to
download on Google Play Lords Mobile is
a real-time strategy game where you'll
battle in a world of chaos build your
empire and collect exotic heroes along
the way it's a dog-eat-dog world so
you'll need to find your allies and
crush your enemies if you want to rise
to the top yes the exotic magical lands
of Lords mobile have been thrown into
war and chaos by terrifying monsters
powerful warlords and cunning enemies
and only you can restore the balance of
power what are you waiting for set off
on a quest for total domination because
the world is yours for the taking only
in Lords mobile download on Google Play
with the link in the description below
and thanks again to Google Play for
sponsoring this episode now I love the
idea of crushing enemies and rising to
the top but today we're just going to
crush other things it's time for putting
things in things vise Edition we're
gonna stick things in the jaws of this
hair vise and then we're gonna crank her
until that thing is no more because as
far as I know that's what you're
supposed to do it about yes now we're
gonna be making this into a friendly
competition as well whoever gets closer
to guessing how many cranks it takes to
break the thing gets a point and if you
guess the exact number of cranks you get
a bonus point the winner will get a
frame photo of themselves with their
celebrity crush
get it crush
[Music]
after this round what jawbreakers hint
fourth be known as vice Breakers let's
crank her up and find out what and also
who in a rhyme I would put it in their
mouth it's huge I did it all the time as
a child ball gag I never did have one
this big you have to lick it for a while
before you get small enough okay so how
many cranks does it take to break a
jawbreaker we need to write this down
because if I know your guest then I'm
just gonna like head you out and go one
above or below or vice versa so it's the
hardest of candies huh no it's not okay
now what if we guessed the same thing
then we're we're in all the same team
winners winners or losers together we
guessed the same thing we have to say if
it's higher or lower if it's not
actually okay I guess
all right I've said for cranks I said -
oh dang huh yes huh you know what you
can't change it yeah I don't want to
change it change it I wanna change
okay so we discussed this ahead of time
in terms of like what counts as a crank
I'm gonna get down right here next shot
so one full revolution of course is one
crank but if it breaks any time during
the next crank that counts his - Craig's
what whatever crank your it counts as
the crank that you're at what here we go
now you get to do your two cranks and
then when it gets to four
I want to crank there you go it's the
first crank oh it's already giving me
some residual okay so that's one crank
finish it off whoa look at that look I'm
I'm not protected look at look at this
this is this is the fun that's inside of
a jawbreaker link look at that this is
like a freaking geode here this is why
you put the thing in your mouth to get
the surprise
[Music]
can openers can really be a pain but can
this can of tuna withstand my hand when
I turn the vice we've got a can of tuna
there it is lay in the Vice it's right
in there and then thanks good till
August 16 2021 why are you gonna ruin it
cuz we got to squeeze out a whole euro
tuna I don't know in retrospect that
jawbreaker I should have said one yeah
so now am I gonna go low with this but
this is till the juice comes out and not
just I'm not talking about me I'm
talking about the can until the juice
comes out of the can so that's an
aluminum can it's gonna crush somewhat
so I think is it gonna stay no juice
seems to come out a lot quicker than it
would totally destroy I want to see what
you know not how much you know about
juice coming up I want to see tuna
coming out
I've open cans before got caught
red-handed guess he doesn't have a big
joke that joke wasn't worth losing my
marker over Thank You Lucas hmm help me
out here well what do you scream it to
me scream it to me from the future okay
just your present I got a gift all right
I got a guess - you know what if it was
broke don't change it cuz it'll get
fixed or four okay so now full boys now
are you are you willing to change for
the sake of know ty are you willing to
change I'm willing to change to three
yeah three three is I think there's your
good guess are you an agent there no I'm
saying before it came down here for I'm
live with four but can I do the honors
huh do the honors okay I just think it's
gonna give a give quite a bit its main
thing cranked up turn a can is until the
juice comes out you said that until the
juice comes out
okay so that's one no now it's that a
lot happened if it's pushed in over here
it's not a jawbreaker now how long am I
gonna crank until until I am right one
and a half you mean you can use it go
ahead and go I mean it's true not doing
anything any juice coming out no juice
man no juice right three I think juice
might be about to come out yeah well if
it comes out anytime after this I went
because this is the fourth crank I'm
just saying I think juice is about to
come out before I crank not because I
guess three how long you want to wait
okay I'm willing to wait as long as it
takes for just to come out well we might
be here until August 20 21 dang man oh
why that was the case
all right shoot man this is the point on
the wrong side forth Craig no juice well
going for five crank show this is
getting real news I know man you give it
a minute
juice comes up instantly man look at
that used it it's not like a gel
yeah the clarify we are looking for
instant juice juice so how many tricks
is that five five okay this is the six
crank you've won brother thank you
now it's just about the juice coming six
is it getting hard why you just you take
it too long just come on crazy sermon
dang it's gonna happen instantly what
happens eight oh he's starting to push
this way yep you're right nine cranks
dang man we've more than doubled our
original guests
going for double-digit cranks cranks Oh
juice juice juice juice juice guys
there's just a little bit of juice but
let's go for a live sporting that's
instant juice it's getting on our
crushed-velvet
all right I win
nothing spurted not in this juice next
up we have the last remaining copy in
the world of my big musical hit the
bootie nuts on a came the massage song
no let's not destroy it okay alright
alright I'm ready
this is until it's completely broken his
breaks I mean completely broken it's
just gonna break completely yes probably
probably fall out of the I think it's
one I said - okay alright crank it up
alright here we go
I'm gonna go a little bit faster than
you did but I do think this is gonna be
pretty fast here we go I'm on oh that's
why nice wood stuffs starting to fall
out but that doesn't count is broken
nope that does maybe no I think he's
gonna give me both points give me one
for being you and one for being exactly
right whoa that was exciting I love the
way you rub a bootie not
[Music]
how many cranks does it take to
completely decapitate this porcelain
doll so this is the point where
completely dekapan the body falls off of
the perch
man if I mean that's hmm porcelain
doesn't have much give no it does it
said - I said three oh dang it
you see you blocked me in again though
well maybe [__] me in yeah maybe it's
one God do the honors yeah cranker neil
hey girl hey girl
any last words I would be lying to you
if I said this wasn't going to hurt all
right here we go with oh that sound
that's one one oh my gosh look at her
face oh hey her Chin's about to come on
I think she's gonna I think she might
fall in this car in this crank I think
he might get I think you might get two
points erling look at that sound oh oh
nope nope nope come on you can't be
shaking
you gotta be shaking it here look at her
wide-open space she opened up her mouth
she was like all right laying into crank
yeah she is resilient okay three all
right that means I'm that I win but I'm
definitely not right on the money now
let's just go
it's wick Topher broke four or five
gracious six she's starting to lean Oh
sound is chugging me nuts seven oh my
god everybody's turning away back there
[Music]
watch yourself hey grace
you win and I'm so sorry I'll give you
all another struggle of piercing a straw
through a juice pouch but how hard will
it be to crush the juice out that link
you've not gotten any points no I'm bad
at uh but you know what if you get this
exactly right
I've been living in the vise too much
don't believe in the vise you get this
one exactly right and I don't you win
the whole thing okay
all right man I gotta go against
instinct because my instinct sucks okay
all right
what's your sure I said seven I said
eleven no so I wanted it I wanted to
believe in the juice pouch okay here we
go here we go here we go let me pull
your chair out or splatter purposes all
right
wine to 203
oh it's getting tight 405 I'm getting
resistance oh gosh I'm getting
resistance six
I'm getting you're about at your guests
man 3x minus 7
get some drinks up drinking man how's
that how's that fresh juice huh it
tastes like a rich okay um well uh you
had every chance but you blew it I lost
but I learned a lot and I get a picture
of my celebrity crush and good mythical
more thank you for making us a part of
your daily routine and clicking that
bail you know it's evidence hi I'm
Stephanie Dustin and we're at Joshua
Tree National Park and this is the
Joshua Tree and it's time to spin the
wheel of mythicality it was educational
yes click the top lane to watch us match
the crew to their vice in goo Milligan a
antiphon over the wheel of mythicality
is gonna land our puppy loves sale
continues with discounts on story wear
and pet collection items for a limited
time at mythical dot-com this episode
was sponsored by Google Play